# Batch_Sequential_Designs_in_Bayesian_Preference_Elicitation
A collection of code for the experiments ran in "Batch Sequential Designs in Bayesian Preference Elicitation with Application to Tradespace Exploration for Vehicle Concept Design".


**Description of Files.** <br />
------

<ins>Helper_Functions.py</ins> : This is a Python file which contains functions that are used in both the experiment corresponding to Section 4 "Questionnaire Simulation" in the main paper as well as the experiment corresponding to the Section S3 "Quality of MIP-Based Batch Design Solutions" found in the supplementary material document. This Python file contains the following functions:
* z_expectation_variance: This function is used for calculating the expectation and variance of the random variable $Z(m,\sigma)$ defined in Section 2.2 proposition 1 of the main paper. 
* moment_matching_update: This function is used for performing a moment matching approximation of the posterior distribution of a DM's partworth given an answer to a single query (x,y) and that the partworth's prior distribution is normal. The moment matching updating equations are given in Section 2.2 proposition 1 of the main paper.
* product_diff_list: Given the number of (binary) attributes of the design alternatives (or products), this function creates a list where each element represents the difference between two alternatives. Note that we take into account that two pairs of alternatives $(x_1,y_1)$ and $(x_2,y_2)$ can lead to the same difference vector (i.e. $(1,0,1,1) - (0,1,0,1) = (1,0,1,0) - (0,1,0,0)$ ) and so we generate all vectors from the set of trinary vectors (vectors who entries are -1, 0, or 1). We also take into account symmetry (that is, (x_1 - y_1) provides the same information as (y_1 - x_1) ) and thus we remove any vector which is the negative of another vector in order to reduce redundancy.
* question_extractor: Given a trinary vector, this function will decompose it as the difference of two binary vectors and return these binary vectors.
* norm_AO_MO_data_generation: This function is used for generating data which is to be used in fitting the linear model (for either MIP-AC or MIP-MC) discussed in Section 3.3 "Offline Learning Framework for Specifying MIP Objective Parameters". Note that capabilities for capturing the effect of dynamically changing batch size across different stages ($r_b$ in the offline learning framework) were not implemented in this function due to our numerical experiments not focusing on this aspect. 
* batch_design_AO: This function is used for setting up and solving the MIP-AC problem discussed in Section 3.2 "Mixed Integer Programming Formulations of Batch Designs". [Gurobi](https://www.gurobi.com/) will need to be installed for this function to work.
* batch_design_MO: This function is used for setting up and solving the MIP-MC problem discussed in Section 3.2 "Mixed Integer Programming Formulations of Batch Designs". [Gurobi](https://www.gurobi.com/) will need to be installed for this function to work.

<ins>MIP_formulation_vs_Enumeration_Experiment_v6.ipynb</ins>: This is a Jupyter notebook which is used in conducting the experiment corresponding to Section S3 "Quality of MIP-Based Batch Design Solutions" found in the supplementary material document. It further contains two functions: (1) KMS_Matrix(n,r) which is used for constructing a Kac-Murdock-Szego matrix of size $n$ with parameter $r$. (2) random_batch_D_error(init_mu,init_Sig,batch_size,num_random_batches,true_partworths, gumbel_error_terms) which is used for generating a number of random batch designs of some specified size and evaluate each of their D-errors under distribution N(init_mu,init_Sig).

<ins>Comparing_AO_and_MO_numerical_Experiment_ExpIII_v2.ipynb</ins>: This is a Jupyter notebook which is used in conducting the experiment corresponding to the Section 4 "Questionnaire Simulation" found in the main paper. It further contains two functions: (1) mean_CI_95(data) which is used for calculating the mean of a dataset and constructing 95% confidence intervals. (2) sequential_AO_MO_experiment(init_mu,init_Sig,true_partworths,gumbel_error_terms,rep_per_partworth,num_questions,AO_MO_batch_size,AO_alpha, AO_kappa, AO_gamma, MO_alpha, MO_kappa, MO_gamma, OS_alpha, OS_kappa, noise_par, hitrate_question_list, JMP_questionnaire, Method = 0, t=100) which is used in conducting the questionnaire procedure described in detail in Section S2 "Detailed Experiment Setup for Questionnaire Simulation" in the supplementary material document. 

<ins>JMP_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_025_scale_4_quest_16.csv</ins>: This is a non-adaptive Bayesian D-optimal questionnaire constructed in JMP under the balanced low signal-to-noise ratio setting discussed in Section S2 "Detailed Experiment Setup for Questionnaire Simulation" found in the supplementary material document. This csv file is used in Comparing_AO_and_MO_numerical_Experiment_ExpIII_v2.ipynb.

<ins>JMP_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_1_scale_1_quest_16.csv</ins>: This is a non-adaptive Bayesian D-optimal questionnaire constructed in JMP under the balanced medium signal-to-noise ratio setting discussed in Section S2 "Detailed Experiment Setup for Questionnaire Simulation" found in the supplementary material document. This csv file is used in Comparing_AO_and_MO_numerical_Experiment_ExpIII_v2.ipynb.

<ins>JMP_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_4_scale_025_quest_16.csv</ins>: This is a non-adaptive Bayesian D-optimal questionnaire constructed in JMP under the balanced medium signal-to-noise ratio setting discussed in Section S2 "Detailed Experiment Setup for Questionnaire Simulation" found in the supplementary material document. This csv file is used in Comparing_AO_and_MO_numerical_Experiment_ExpIII_v2.ipynb.

<ins>parameter_file_AO_MO_JMP_exp.txt</ins>: This file corresponds to the experiment in "Questionnaire Simulation". This txt file can be used if the user wishes to run all three of the low, medium, and high signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) experiment settings in a job array using a Bash script. The Jupyter notebook may be saved as a python file and then a Bash script may be written to run all three experiments in a job array, where the entries in parameter_file_AO_JMP_exp.txt will be the input. In this txt file, "1" corresponds to low SNR, "2" corresponds to medium SNR, and "3" corresponds to high SNR. (this may be an efficient choice if,for example, the user has access to a computing cluster).

<ins>parameter_file_MIPvsEnum_v6_exp.txt</ins>: This file corresponds to the experiment in "Quality of MIP-Based Batch Design Solutions". This txt file can be used if the user wishes to run all six experiment settings ( (low signal-to-noise, balanced), (medium signal-to-noise, balanced), (high signal-to-noise, balanced),(low signal-to-noise, imbalanced), (medium signal-to-noise, imbalanced), (high signal-to-noise, imbalanced) ) in a job array using a Bash script. Column one corresponds to the signal-to-noise setting ("1":low, "2": medium, "3": high) and column two corresponds to the balanced ("1") or imbalanced ("2") setting discussed in Section S3 of the supplementary materials.

**Running Experiments**: <br />
--------

<ins>Required Software</ins>: In order to run the experiments in Section 4 "Questionnaire Simulation" and Section S3 "Quality of MIP-Based Batch Design Solutions", one will need to have installed [Python](https://www.python.org/), [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/), and [Gurobi](https://www.gurobi.com/) on their machine. 

Next, the python file "Helper_Functions.py", which contains functions used in both experiments, must be downloaded as the Jupyter Notebook files make calls to these functions.

Now, we will give directions for running each of the experiments.

<ins>Questionnaire Simulation</ins>: The notebook corresponding to this experiment is Comparing_AO_and_MO_numerical_Experiment_ExpIII_v2.ipynb. The three JMP files should be downloaded and available to run this experiment, as well as the file HelperFunctions.py. This experiment has three settings, which are the low, medium, and high signal-to-noise ratio settings. In order to run each of the three settings, one will download the Jupyter notebook and proceed to the 4th cell where they will see:

```python
#signal to noise ratio. 
#1 - LOW: multiply expectation by 0.25 and covariance by 4.0
#2 - REG: multiply expectation by 1.0 and covariance by 1.0
#3 - HIGH: multiply expectation by 4.0 and covariance by 0.25
snr = int(sys.argv[1]) 
```
Now, to run the experiment directly in the notebook, one will comment-out/delete "int(sys.argv\[1\])" and replace it with 1 (integer, not string!) for the low SNR setting, 2 for the medium SNR setting, and 3 for the high SNR setting. 

If one has access to a computing cluster, they may download the notebook as a python file and write a Bash script to run all three experiment settings as a batch job array, using parameter_file_AO_MO_JMP_exp.txt as the inputs.

<ins>Quality of MIP-Based Batch Design Solutions.</ins>: The notebook corresponding to this experiment is MIP_formulation_vs_Enumeration_Experiment_v6.ipynb. The file HelperFunctions.py should be downloaded and available to run this experiment. This experiment has 3x2 settings, which are the combinations of SNR and prior type: (low SNR, balanced prior), (medium SNR, balanced prior), (high SNR, balanced prior), (low SNR, imbalanced prior), (medium SNR, imbalanced prior), and (high SNR, imbalanced prior). In order to run each of the 3x2 settings, one will download the Jupyter notebook and proceed to the 4th cell where the will see:

```python
#signal to noise ratio. 
#1 - LOW: multiply expectation by 0.25 and covariance by 4.0
#2 - REG: multiply expectation by 1.0 and covariance by 1.0
#3 - HIGH: multiply expectation by 4.0 and covariance by 0.25
snr = int(sys.argv[1])


#Prior type
#1 - homogeneous expectation and identity covariance matrix
#2 - heterogeneous expectation and KMS covariance matrix
prior_type = int(sys.argv[2])
```
Now, to run the experiment directly in the notebook, one will comment-out/delete "int(sys.argv\[1\])" and "int(sys.argv\[2\])" and replace them with 
* 1 (integer) and 1 (integer) for the low SNR, balanced prior regime.
* 2 and 1 for the medium SNR, balanced prior regime.
* 3 and 1 for the high SNR, balanced prior regime.
* 1 and 2 for the low SNR, imbalanced prior regime.
* 2 and 2 for the medium SNR, imbalanced prior regime.
* 3 and 2 for the high SNR, imbalanced prior regime.

If one has access to a computing cluster, they may download the notebook as a python file and write a Bash script to run all 3x2 experiment settings as a batch job array, using parameter_file_MIPvsEnum_v6_exp.txt as the inputs.

**Experiment Output Files**: <br />
--------
Here we describe the output of the experiments after they have been ran. 

<ins>Questionnaire Simulation</ins>: 
* Low Signal-to-Noise Ratio Regime:
    * ThirdseqExpv2_Normalized_AO_MO_Model_Data_mu025_Sig4Ident_batchsize4_L_05_1_2_S_05_1_2_nrb_1000_ntp_50.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 1000 randomly generated batch designs (of size 4) under the different distributions $N(l \mu, s \Sigma)$ for $l \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ and $s \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ used as data for the offline learning frameworks discussed in Section 3.3 in the (balanced) LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for MIP-AC and MIP-MC.
    * Normalized_OS_Model_Data_mu025_Sig4Ident_batchsize1_L_05_1_2_S_05_1_2_nrb_500_ntp_50_expIIIv2.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 500 randomly gnerated questions (batch of size 1) under the different distributions $N(l \mu, s \Sigma)$ for $l \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ and $s \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ used as data for the offline learning framework discussed in Section 3.3 in the (balanced) LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for OS (onestep lookahead).
    * ThirdseqExpv2_modelparams_lowsnr.txt: This file contains the estimated effect of the average of absolute value of query means (MIP-AC), average query variances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query covariances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query means (MIP-MC), average query variances (MIP-MC), maximum of absolute value of query covariance (MIP-MC), query mean (OS; one-step lookahead), and query variance (OS; one-step lookahead), respectively, in the LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime. These terms are described in detail Section 3.3.
    * ThirdseqExpv2_sequential_data_AO_MO_JMP_OS_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_25_scale_4_quest_16_batch_4.csv: This file contains data from the questionnaire process in the LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime. Columns include Method (0 = MIP-AC, 1 = MIP-MC, 2 = JMP, 3 = One-step), PartworthID (a number that identifies a given partworth across the method types), Rep (we only do one replication per partworth within each method, so this is always equal to 1), Question (this is the question number we are on for a given partworth. Our budget for this experiment is 16 questions.), NormMSE (this is the MSE between the normalized mean of the posterior distribution on the partworth and the normalized true partworth), SQRTDet (This is the square root of posterior determinant after a given question), and HITRATE(this is the percentage of questions that the posterior expectation is able to correctly select the preferred alternative of the corresponding true partworth).
    * ThirdseqExpv2_Det_AO_MO_JMP_OS_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_25_scale_4_quest_16_batch_4_LogNorm.png: This image contains mean and 95% bootstrap-based confidence intervals of the Log-transformed and normalized square root of determinant across different questionnaire design methods (MIP-AC, MIP-MC, JMP, OS) for 16 questions in the LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * ThirdseqExpv2_Normmse_MIPAC_MIPMC_JMP_OS_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_25_scale_4_quest_16_batch_4.png: This image contains mean and 95% bootstrap-based confidence intervals of the MSE between the normalized posterior expectation and the normalized true partworth across different questionnaire design methods (MIP-AC, MIP-MC, JMP, OS) for 16 questions in the LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * low_snr_mean_CI_lastquest.csv: This file contains the mean, lower CI bound, and upper CI bound (respectively) of the Log-transformed and normalized D-error for the very last question in the questionnaire across the four different methods (MIP-AC, MIP-MC, JMP, OS) in the LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
 * Medium Signal-to-Noise Ratio Regime:
    * ThirdseqExpv2_Normalized_AO_MO_Model_Data_mu1_Sig1Ident_batchsize4_L_05_1_2_S_05_1_2_nrb_1000_ntp_50.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 1000 randomly generated batch designs (of size 4) under the different distributions $N(l \mu, s \Sigma)$ for $l \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ and $s \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ used as data for the offline learning frameworks discussed in Section 3.3 in the (balanced) MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for MIP-AC and MIP-MC.
    * Normalized_OS_Model_Data_mu1_Sig1Ident_batchsize1_L_05_1_2_S_05_1_2_nrb_500_ntp_50_expIIIv2.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 500 randomly gnerated questions (batch of size 1) under the different distributions $N(l \mu, s \Sigma)$ for $l \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ and $s \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ used as data for the offline learning framework discussed in Section 3.3 in the (balanced) MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for OS (onestep lookahead).
    * ThirdseqExpv2_modelparams_medsnr.txt: This file contains the estimated effect of the average of absolute value of query means (MIP-AC), average query variances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query covariances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query means (MIP-MC), average query variances (MIP-MC), maximum of absolute value of query covariance (MIP-MC), query mean (OS; one-step lookahead), and query variance (OS; one-step lookahead), respectively, in the MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime. These terms are described in detail Section 3.3.
    * ThirdseqExpv2_sequential_data_AO_MO_JMP_OS_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_1_scale_1_quest_16_batch_4.csv: This file contains data from the questionnaire process in the MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime. Columns include Method (0 = MIP-AC, 1 = MIP-MC, 2 = JMP, 3 = One-step), PartworthID (a number that identifies a given partworth across the method types), Rep (we only do one replication per partworth within each method, so this is always equal to 1), Question (this is the question number we are on for a given partworth. Our budget for this experiment is 16 questions.), NormMSE (this is the MSE between the normalized mean of the posterior distribution on the partworth and the normalized true partworth), SQRTDet (This is the square root of posterior determinant after a given question), and HITRATE(this is the percentage of questions that the posterior expectation is able to correctly select the preferred alternative of the corresponding true partworth).
    * ThirdseqExpv2_Det_AO_MO_JMP_OS_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_1_scale_1_quest_16_batch_4_LogNorm.png: This image contains mean and 95% bootstrap-based confidence intervals of the Log-transformed and normalized square root of posterior determinant across different questionnaire design methods (MIP-AC, MIP-MC, JMP, OS) for 16 questions in the MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * ThirdseqExpv2_Normmse_MIPAC_MIPMC_JMP_OS_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_1_scale_1_quest_16_batch_4.png: This image contains mean and 95% bootstrap-based confidence intervals of the MSE between the normalized posterior expectation and the normalized true partworth across different questionnaire design methods (MIP-AC, MIP-MC, JMP, OS) for 16 questions in the MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * med_snr_mean_CI_lastquest.csv: This file contains the mean, lower CI bound, and upper CI bound (respectively) of the Log-transformed and normalized D-error for the very last question in the questionnaire across the four different methods (MIP-AC, MIP-MC, JMP, OS) in the MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
 * High Signal-to-Noise Ratio Regime:
    * ThirdseqExpv2_Normalized_AO_MO_Model_Data_mu4_Sig025Ident_batchsize4_L_05_1_2_S_05_1_2_nrb_1000_ntp_50.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 1000 randomly generated batch designs (of size 4) under the different distributions $N(l \mu, s \Sigma)$ for $l \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ and $s \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ used as data for the offline learning frameworks discussed in Section 3.3 in the (balanced) HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for MIP-AC and MIP-MC.
    * Normalized_OS_Model_Data_mu4_Sig025Ident_batchsize1_L_05_1_2_S_05_1_2_nrb_500_ntp_50_expIIIv2.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 500 randomly gnerated questions (batch of size 1) under the different distributions $N(l \mu, s \Sigma)$ for $l \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ and $s \in \[0.5,1,2\]$ used as data for the offline learning framework discussed in Section 3.3 in the (balanced) HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for OS (onestep lookahead).
    * ThirdseqExpv2_modelparams_highsnr.txt: This file contains the estimated effect of the average of absolute value of query means (MIP-AC), average query variances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query covariances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query means (MIP-MC), average query variances (MIP-MC), maximum of absolute value of query covariance (MIP-MC), query mean (OS; one-step lookahead), and query variance (OS; one-step lookahead), respectively, in the HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime. These terms are described in detail Section 3.3.
    * ThirdseqExpv2_sequential_data_AO_MO_JMP_OS_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_4_scale_25_quest_16_batch_4.csv: This file contains data from the questionnaire process in the HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime. Columns include Method (0 = MIP-AC, 1 = MIP-MC, 2 = JMP, 3 = One-step), PartworthID (a number that identifies a given partworth across the method types), Rep (we only do one replication per partworth within each method, so this is always equal to 1), Question (this is the question number we are on for a given partworth. Our budget for this experiment is 16 questions.), NormMSE (this is the MSE between the normalized mean of the posterior distribution on the partworth and the normalized true partworth), SQRTDet (This is the square root of posterior determinant after a given question), and HITRATE(this is the percentage of questions that the posterior expectation is able to correctly select the preferred alternative of the corresponding true partworth).
    * ThirdseqExpv2_Det_AO_MO_JMP_OS_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_4_scale_25_quest_16_batch_4_LogNorm.png: This image contains mean and 95% bootstrap-based confidence intervals of the Log-transformed and normalized square root of posterior determinant across different questionnaire design methods (MIP-AC, MIP-MC, JMP, OS) for 16 questions in the HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * ThirdseqExpv2_Normmse_MIPAC_MIPMC_JMP_OS_attr_6_exp_1_cov_1_loc_4_scale_25_quest_16_batch_4.png: This image contains mean and 95% bootstrap-based confidence intervals of the MSE between the normalized posterior expectation and the normalized true partworth across different questionnaire design methods (MIP-AC, MIP-MC, JMP, OS) for 16 questions in the HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * high_snr_mean_CI_lastquest.csv: This file contains the mean, lower CI bound, and upper CI bound (respectively) of the Log-transformed and normalized D-error for the very last question in the questionnaire across the four different methods (MIP-AC, MIP-MC, JMP, OS) in the HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.

<ins>Quality of MIP-Based Batch Design Solutions</ins>: 
* Low Signal-to-Noise, Balanced:
    * MIPvEnum_Normalized_AO_MO_Model_Data_mu025_Sig4Ident_batchsize4_L_1_S_1_nrb_1000_ntp_100_v6.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 1000 randomly generated batch designs (of size 4) and is used as data for the offline learning frameworks discussed in Section 3.3 in the BALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for MIP-AC and MIP-MC.
    * summary_low_homo_AO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-AC in the BALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * summary_low_homo_MO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-MC in the BALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_modelparams_lowsnr_v6.txt: This file contains the estimated effect of the average of absolute value of query means (MIP-AC), average query variances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query covariances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query means (MIP-MC), average query variances (MIP-MC), maximum of absolute value of query covariance (MIP-MC), respectively, for the BALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvsEnum_lowsnr_d_error_batch_comparison_list_v6.csv: This file contains the D-error of each randomly generated batch design and two columns of indicators of whether MIP-AC and MIP-MC had lower D-error than the corresponding randomly generated batch in the BALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_CIinfo_lowsnr_v6.txt: This file contains confidence intervals for the proportion of designs our MIP-based designs outperform, time for iterating over random batches, and the D-error of the MIP-AC and MIP-MC batches in the BALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_batchinfo_lowsnr_v6.txt: This file contains the MIP-AC and MIP-MC designs and delta values coming from the optimization problem (delta values are the continuous variables associated with query covariance) in the BALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
* Low Signal-to-Noise, Imbalanced:
    * MIPvEnum_Normalized_AO_MO_Model_Data_lowsnr_muhet_SigKMS_batchsize4_L_1_S_1_nrb_1000_ntp_100_v6.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 1000 randomly generated batch designs (of size 4) and is used as data for the offline learning frameworks discussed in Section 3.3 in the IMBALANCED prior type  LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for MIP-AC and MIP-MC.
    * summary_low_het_AO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-AC in the IMBALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * summary_low_het_MO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-MC in the IMBALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_modelparams_lowsnr_muhet_SigKMS_v6.txt: This file contains the estimated effect of the average of absolute value of query means (MIP-AC), average query variances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query covariances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query means (MIP-MC), average query variances (MIP-MC), maximum of absolute value of query covariance (MIP-MC), respectively, for the IMBALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvsEnum_lowsnr_d_error_batch_comparison_list_muhet_SigKMS_v6.csv: This file contains the D-error of each randomly generated batch design and two columns of indicators of whether MIP-AC and MIP-MC had lower D-error than the corresponding randomly generated batch in the IMBALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_CIinfo_lowsnr_muhet_SigKMS_v6.txt: This file contains confidence intervals for the proportion of designs our MIP-based designs outperform, time for iterating over random batches, and the D-error of the MIP-AC and MIP-MC batches in the IMBALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_batchinfo_lowsnr_muhet_SigKMS_v6.txt: This file contains the MIP-AC and MIP-MC designs and delta values coming from the optimization problem (delta values are the continuous variables associated with query covariance) in the IMBALANCED prior type LOW signal-to-noise ratio regime.
* Medium Signal-to-Noise, Balanced:
    * MIPvEnum_Normalized_AO_MO_Model_Data_mu1_Sig1Ident_batchsize4_L_1_S__1_nrb_1000_ntp_100_v6.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 1000 randomly generated batch designs (of size 4) and is used as data for the offline learning frameworks discussed in Section 3.3 in the BALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for MIP-AC and MIP-MC.
    * summary_med_homo_AO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-AC in the BALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * summary_med_homo_MO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-MC in the BALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_modelparams_medsnr_v6.txt: This file contains the estimated effect of the average of absolute value of query means (MIP-AC), average query variances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query covariances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query means (MIP-MC), average query variances (MIP-MC), maximum of absolute value of query covariance (MIP-MC), respectively, for the BALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvsEnum_mediumsnr_d_error_batch_comparison_list_v6.csv: This file contains the D-error of each randomly generated batch design and two columns of indicators of whether MIP-AC and MIP-MC had lower D-error than the corresponding randomly generated batch in the BALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_CIinfo_mediumsnr_v6.txt: This file contains confidence intervals for the proportion of designs our MIP-based designs outperform, time for iterating over random batches, and the D-error of the MIP-AC and MIP-MC batches in the BALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_batchinfo_mediumsnr_v6.txt: This file contains the MIP-AC and MIP-MC designs and delta values coming from the optimization problem (delta values are the continuous variables associated with query covariance) in the BALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
* Medium Signal-to-Noise, Imbalanced:
    * MIPvEnum_Normalized_AO_MO_Model_Data_medsnr_muhet_SigKMS_batchsize4_L_1_S_1_nrb_1000_ntp_100_v6.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 1000 randomly generated batch designs (of size 4) and is used as data for the offline learning frameworks discussed in Section 3.3 in the IMBALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for MIP-AC and MIP-MC.
    * summary_med_het_AO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-AC in the IMBALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * summary_med_het_MO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-MC in the IMBALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_modelparams_medsnr_muhet_SigKMS_v6.txt: This file contains the estimated effect of the average of absolute value of query means (MIP-AC), average query variances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query covariances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query means (MIP-MC), average query variances (MIP-MC), maximum of absolute value of query covariance (MIP-MC), respectively, for the IMBALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvsEnum_mediumsnr_d_error_batch_comparison_list_muhet_SigKMS_v6.csv: This file contains the D-error of each randomly generated batch design and two columns of indicators of whether MIP-AC and MIP-MC had lower D-error than the corresponding randomly generated batch in the IMBALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_CIinfo_mediumsnr_muhet_SigKMS_v6.txt: This file contains confidence intervals for the proportion of designs our MIP-based designs outperform, time for iterating over random batches, and the D-error of the MIP-AC and MIP-MC batches in the IMBALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_batchinfo_mediumsnr_muhet_SigKMS_v6.txt: This file contains the MIP-AC and MIP-MC designs and delta values coming from the optimization problem (delta values are the continuous variables associated with query covariance) in the IMBALANCED prior type MEDIUM signal-to-noise ratio regime.
* High Signal-to-Noise, Balanced:
    * MIPvEnum_Normalized_AO_MO_Model_Data_mu4_Sig025Ident_batchsize4_L_1_S_1_nrb_1000_ntp_100_v6.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 1000 randomly generated batch designs (of size 4) and is used as data for the offline learning frameworks discussed in Section 3.3 in the BALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for MIP-AC and MIP-MC.
    * summary_high_homo_AO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-AC in the BALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * summary_high_homo_MO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-MC in the BALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_modelparams_highsnr_v6.txt: This file contains the estimated effect of the average of absolute value of query means (MIP-AC), average query variances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query covariances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query means (MIP-MC), average query variances (MIP-MC), maximum of absolute value of query covariance (MIP-MC), respectively, for the BALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvsEnum_highsnr_d_error_batch_comparison_list_v6.csv: This file contains the D-error of each randomly generated batch design and two columns of indicators of whether MIP-AC and MIP-MC had lower D-error than the corresponding randomly generated batch in the BALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_CIinfo_highsnr_v6.txt: This file contains confidence intervals for the proportion of designs our MIP-based designs outperform, time for iterating over random batches, and the D-error of the MIP-AC and MIP-MC batches in the BALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_batchinfo_highsnr_v6.txt: This file contains the MIP-AC and MIP-MC designs and delta values coming from the optimization problem (delta values are the continuous variables associated with query covariance) in the BALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
* High Signal-to-Noise, Imbalanced:
    * MIPvEnum_Normalized_AO_MO_Model_Data_highsnr_muhet_SigKMS_batchsize4_L_1_S_1_nrb_1000_ntp_100_v6.csv: This contains summary statistics and D-errors of 1000 randomly generated batch designs (of size 4) and is used as data for the offline learning frameworks discussed in Section 3.3 in the IMBALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime. Used for determining parameters for MIP-AC and MIP-MC.
    * summary_high_het_AO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-AC in the IMBALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * summary_high_het_MO_v6.txt: This file contains regression results for MIP-MC in the IMBALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_modelparams_highsnr_muhet_SigKMS_v6.txt: This file contains the estimated effect of the average of absolute value of query means (MIP-AC), average query variances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query covariances (MIP-AC), average of absolute value of query means (MIP-MC), average query variances (MIP-MC), maximum of absolute value of query covariance (MIP-MC), respectively, for the IMBALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvsEnum_highsnr_d_error_batch_comparison_list_muhet_SigKMS_v6.csv: This file contains the D-error of each randomly generated batch design and two columns of indicators of whether MIP-AC and MIP-MC had lower D-error than the corresponding randomly generated batch in the IMBALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_CIinfo_highsnr_muhet_SigKMS_v6.txt: This file contains confidence intervals for the proportion of designs our MIP-based designs outperform, time for iterating over random batches, and the D-error of the MIP-AC and MIP-MC batches in the IMBALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
    * MIPvEnum_batchinfo_highsnr_muhet_SigKMS_v6.txt: This file contains the MIP-AC and MIP-MC designs and delta values coming from the optimization problem (delta values are the continuous variables associated with query covariance) in the IMBALANCED prior type HIGH signal-to-noise ratio regime.
 
Lastly, for each experimental setting (combination of prior type and snr), two files will be made called Batch_AO_batchsize4_meancoeff_~_varcoeff_*_orthcoeff_@_v5.txt and Batch_MO_batchsize4_meancoeff_~_varcoeff_*_orthcoeff_@_v5.txt which are logs of the Gurobi optimization routine for the MIP-AC design and MIP-MC design, respectively. The symbol ~ should be replaced with the estimated effect of the average of the absolute values of the question mean, * should be replaced with the estimated effect of the average question variance, and @ should be replaced with the estimated effect of the (average or max depending on if the model is MIP-AC or MIP-MC) of the absolute values of the question covariances in the corresponding experimental setting.

<!-- **To Do List**: <br />
--------

Priority of tasks is denoted by the point number (1 has more priority than 2, etc.). Tasks will be updated when new problems are identified.

1. (README): Make the README document as detailed as possible to aid in the reviewers reproducing the experiment results.
2. (Helper Functions Examples): Write examples for helper functions.
3. (Reproducibility): We will check that the code works in an environment other than Jupyter Notebook. We will rerun the experiment files as well to check that everything is running correctly.
4. (Detailed Comments): Provide more detailed comments for the functions in each of the modules, describing in detail the purpose and use of the function. Comments regarding the definition of arguments in the function should include the exact data-type expected, along with any restrictions on the input (later on we may consider adding code into the functions to make sure the user is not inputting invalid arguments). Examples of functions should be provided in a separate file so that users can observe how the functions work, and what their output looks like. Write a brief users manual of the functions within the modules.
5. (Overview Files): Experiment files should not only have comments in the code myopically explaining the purpose of certain lines, but there should also be a file or introduction which describes the purpose and details of the experiment.
6. (File formatting): Data saved to files should be formatted in a neat, easy-to-read manner.
7. (Look for Bugs): After or along the way of completing points (1)-(7), we will recheck the code for any mistakes/bugs.
8. (Renaming): We will rename certain functions/variables to reflect names given in the paper.
9. (Remove sys.argv): We used sys.argv when we converted the jupyter notebook to a python file and ran it on the Palmetto cluster to facilitate the use of job arrays. Reviewers may only want to use the notebook version, and so we may want to get rid of sys.argv so that they can manually place in the argument for the experiment.

-----
-->
